next I would like to share with you some
of my experience of clinical rotations
some of you may remember that last year
I showed you the conversation between
the female patient dolly and the
internal medicine doctor this year
decided to go to the opposite direction
and I'm going to show you the dialogue
between the male patient and the heart
surgeon this dialogue may look more like
two separate monologues
because when surgeon talks patient
usually is knocked out by the general
anesthesia and when patient wakes up
surgeon is already talking to the next
knocked out patient first is a surgeon
part and because this is doctor who
worked as human heart he wouldn't be
surprised at his part if you let me take
your heart I just need it has all been
cracked open now
I'll take all 12 pounds now and safe for
you to keep let me put in you well and
it's from Pig should work when you'll
find who's your new friends you stop
eating pork closing up your heart now
will it work
who knows trying to jumpstart it now one
two here it goes let me now close up
your chest plus me neither
now your cards will do it best not to be
tell me what you see this is no surprise
now what you see is me two hours later
fish and wakes up and start talking I
opened up my eyes and what I see I am
Alive my body's full of me despite of
not this fight it hurts like hell I am
my life and I am feeling well good day
sunshine sunshine sunshine I try to talk
I couldn't move my teeth I felt you sin
every morning fish
I was alive I think I could say that but
I felt a little bit upset and my wife
too
right that's not good sign
good day sunshine it's been two days
when will nightmare and oh my god will
please you here can they make me walk it
won't be hotter bad I will not rest but
I would not instead guy my mate just
died
goodbye sunshine I am back home I feel
alright
they say for Maurice help insurance just
won't pay how can I make my wife believe
to insurance the man I used to be she
cries sorry sunshine it's been five
years my friend came for advice she had
just back they offered me bypass I told
him you up it will improve your life I
finally paid you back for marry my
ex-wife good day sunshine good day
sunshine